[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down some with old cartoons today we're
breaking down Animal Farm
a film about a bunch of farm animals to
turn their form in to Soviet Russia this
movie can be considered disturbing
because of the animal murders are just
overall sad things but don't think this
is too bad cuz I'm sure it's hard to
network should've shown it I want to
find out what happens in the film stay
tuned for the not so disturbing
breakdown narrator talking about how a
farm has been in misery
the owner farmer Jones becomes an
alcoholic and as he's making his nightly
rounds all intoxicated the animals sit
in fear of him since like they don't
London a good old bullet all the animals
organize a meeting and then they sneak
into the meeting place the big pig old
major is the main speaker we learned
that he is dying the animals all take
their seats with the pigs and the
majority get to sit in the front old
major space on and a nice the animals to
overthrow farmer Jones old major
declares that all animals are equal
before he kills over and the animals
sobbing its presence farmer Jones hears
them and fires off shots fortunately run
off the next morning the animals sitting
at hunger because farmer Jones still
sleep in a bed with his stinky whiskey
breath the animals ain't having it so
they break them to the full closet but
farmer Jones catches them the animals
turned to gristle and forced to farm out
of the farm and ride back into the barn
he organizes a coalition so the pigs
direct the animals took fighting
positions the animal was molly-whopped
the farmer but a pig is shot the rest of
the animal was forced to humans out like
the chickens they are or humans
we see the dogs died leaving his
children alone the analysts remove all
the farmers important things then I sit
around and sing a new Negro spiritual or
I mean revolution song in a wake of
their new independence fire dies down
and the animals led by the pigs venture
into the owners house making this damn
daddy goat they lead the house but one
peek sneaks back into pushes the dog is
out then another Pig writes these laws
for the new nation the animals help each
other to get back to farm work sorry
farmer Jones but the annum was working
even better without a supervisor than
they ever did with you on top of them
the animals shot recruiting to make the
farm bigger like talking to this cute
little lamb but they listen unless they
have a
at time like this bull the pig makes
plans as things get worse for the Animal
Farm in the seasons he proposes that
they eat less but work hard a turn for
them to get electricity Napoleon the fat
pig argues with the speaker and then he
caused dogs to chase the speaker down
they catch them and we hit a pig's cries
Napoleon steps up as the leader proposes
that the speaker was a traitor who
plotted to get the farmer back under
Napoleon's rule the animals are more
like slaves forced under the pigs the
work is a less to the pigs and dogs and
all the foods fat bastard's one evening
though the animals find out that the
rules have changed a shop trader trades
with the pigs causing uproar the animals
who remembered the old rules to never
trade with outsiders
the chickens trot up rising by attacking
the pigs with eggs within the dogs are
clawed in and the kitten gets tore up oh
man the donkeys messed up the wrong
animal Napoleon start to trial and ask
for all the guilty animals to helping
the chickens to come forward then they
are led out of massacred by the dogs we
see the rules of change again in blood
this time Napoleon keeps trading with
the humans the traders attract attention
of jealous warmers who the hell counts
their money in public what a dumbass
the farmers didn't plot to take the farm
bag but they leave the intoxicated
farmer Jones on his own Napoleon tries
organizing the animals and we see a very
plain out attempt by the animals the
farmers make it to the farm any animals
called their plan into action
the farmers build a barrier and mortally
wound some of the animals Napoleon's
has caused the dogs out as farmer
John's life stops and dynamite in the
windmill that the animals have been
working so hard to build the animals
succeed in chasing the farmers away but
the windmill of the animals built
exploded killing farmer Jones and
probably some more violent stuff are now
gone the pigs continue the heaven as the
animals work long and hard
we see Napoleon has some kids and we see
the horse boxers dying from his wound
back from that fight as he is lifting to
rebuild the windmill he gets crushed by
a big rock and the donkey cries on boxer
he did though every tyres a vehicle
comes and we see that the horse has been
carried away to be made into glutton the
donkey chases after him but the horse is
long gone a pig shots to tell lies to
the animals being having it but they get
scared away by the dogs
the pigs drink to the horses memory with
the whiskey bought from the horse's life
years past and we see the windmill is
finished
he is prosperous but the people were
better people but the analysts were
better off under farmer Jones like a
real civilization is what the farm looks
like we see the pig celebrating and they
learn to walk on two feet
the donkey cries out as he sees a new
rule all animals are equal but some
animals are more equal than others
Napoleon encourages the other piet
leaders to adopt animal farm rules it's
the donkey sees the meeting the animals
plan on another rebellion led by the
donkey and the pig sit in fear the army
dogs are drunken in mobile so the
animals corner and kill the pigs well
depending on how you see it it can be a
pretty disturbing field think about this
even a donkey succeeded was to say that
another timer won't rise up again anyway
let's talk about the monsters third
moment and the most enjoyable moment in
that spooky stuff this movie was more
cute than anything easily could have
been shown on Disney or something but
the monsters third moment goes to the
death a boxer sat at the horses on Piers
show them off just for some whiskey
almost enjoyed moment is this and that's
it
this movie was released in 1954 Sammy
that schools became unsegregated and one
guy did autofocus for animals anyway on
spooky and it's been a breakdown thanks
for watching this breakdown on Animal
Farm well aware this ain't down disturb
you but if you do want to see some more
mister movies while some of the other
breakdowns on my playlist and subscribe
today I upload every Monday and Friday
anyways spooky out